OrganisersMeetingMinutes20150514

Guy Fraser edited this page Apr 26, 2017 · 1 revision

Thursday 14th May - 12:00 - 13:00pm

Venue: Dinky, DoES Liverpool

Present: Ross

  • Review of/actions from last meeting

    • RossDalziel to look at ways to better communicate to people about DoES and migrate to Github where possible. Put some of our cards in FACT. Action is now in Github and so closed.
    • PatrickFenner to report on progress on both signage and safety aspects of the workshop at the next meeting. Carried forward, as no progress yet. Given the end of June deadline
    • HakimCassimally will look into the different schemes for apprentices, and make a suggestion at the next meeting of which is the best. Carried forward.
    • AdrianMcEwen to organise an evening 'Get Involved with DoES' meeting Carried forward.
    • SeanGleeson to prepare potential list of regulars for consideration of out-of-hours access for next meeting, and contact the people that have been decided on. No-one new.
    • PatrickFenner will write up a blurb for laser cutter pledge drive to push to the community and encourage them to donate. List written. Patrick to add something to the top of the DoES website to show updates
    • PatrickFenner suggested that we let the community know that they can write things for the DoES site and encourage them to do so. Add to weeknotes email maybe.
    • AdrianMcEwen to follow up on marketing around the 3d printed prosthetic hand Not finished yet, but is in progress.
    • SeanGleeson to find out whether there is interest in holding Community Meetings outside of normal hours Done.
    • AdrianMcEwen to speak to JackiePease about running Maker Nights more regularly
      Need to find a day, but ongoing now.
    • SeanGleeson to look into people who might be willing to run events for young people Carried over
    • RossDalziel to draft listing for Hannah Done. The directory has been printed.
  • Financials inc. Rates

    • Next steps wrt to rates. Financials, ignoring rates, look pretty good - making a bit of a profit. Have added inductions to our projections, as it's showing a reasonable regular. Including rates we'd make a bit of a loss.

    No progress on rates as yet. We're trying to work out how to chase next. Sean to update the timeline so we can send this to the councillor to progress.

  • Mark wants to film in the workshop. Yes he can. He should tell us the day so we can book it into the laser calendars, and email the list to notify people that it's happening.

  • FrancisFish asking about people staying out of hours.

    Should we give reception a fob so they can stick their heads in when checking ready to lock up? Not yet.

    Should we have an alarm on the wall in the workshop to alert people to it closing? Yes, FrancisFish will make one.

  • JenFenner on improving the space. See github issue #48 for the full set of suggestions - specifically https://github.com/DoESLiverpool/somebody-should/issues/48#issuecomment-94575800 More storage would be good. Questions over how we decide how much space people have vs DoES paying for the storage space. Would also be good to have regular "tidy the space" days to encourage desks and surrounding areas to be tidied. Question over how much time/effort to devote to things like painting, etc. vs things we can move. Try out some shelves from Ikea as a starting point, with an aim to ideally use something like Opendesk.cc Having some child-friendly equipment would be good. Regular "toddler-and-worker" days in Dinky could be a good idea.

  • Recent Events

    • Maker Faire in Newcastle It was crazy busy, but great fun.
  • Upcoming Events

    • Liverpool MakeFest - What will we be doing? 27th June. More volunteers welcome.
    • Manchester MakeFest - PatrickFenner to confirm about participation. Possibly 1st w/end in Aug. More volunteers welcome.
  • AOB

    • Was question about people avoiding paying for a full day by staying into the evening, but we decided it wasn't worth chasing.
  • Confirm time and date of next meeting Sean to send stuff out in a bit.

  • Actions:

    • PatrickFenner to report on progress on both signage and safety aspects of the workshop at the next meeting.
    • HakimCassimally will look into the different schemes for apprentices, and make a suggestion at the next meeting of which is the best.
    • SeanGleeson to look into people who might be willing to run events for young people
    • PatrickFenner to raise issue/submit pull request on weeknotes repo with copy to add reminding people they can write blog posts
    • PatrickFenner to arrange adding info to the DoES website about the laser-cutter pledge
    • Ask PaulFreeman about whether we need to update the health and safety process, and then add that to the handbook
    • PatrickFenner to add add equipment safety sign/list and COSHH forms next to each piece of equipment for the end of June
    • JohnMcKerrell to list teams, and ask the list about people to own machines. All to think about people to approach explicitly
    • SeanGleeson to ask each group organiser to write a blog post about their group
    • SeanGleeson to arrange an out-of-hours community meeting
    • FrancisFish to raise an issue on github about an alarm in the workshop. Possible addition to doorbots?
    • PatrickFenner to propose an Epic Trip to Ellesmere Port FabLab (with Opendesk in mind)
    • JenFenner to spin out new issues from issue #48 so we can deal with it separately
Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.